---
layout: templates/basic.njk
title: Keith Allen Wilson
pedigree:
  self:
    name: Keith Allen Wilson
    url: /people/3/37910144
    birth: 02 JUN 1970
  branches:
    - parent:
        name: Martha Arlene Postma
        url: /people/3/39368292
        birth: 18 FEB 1944
      grandparents:
        - name: Ida Mary Geelhoed
          url: /people/1/11612484
          birth: 18 DEC 1907
        - name: Martin Postma
          url: /people/7/7474832
          birth: 04 MAY 1900
    - parent:
        name: Duane LaVerne Wilson
        url: /people/6/61086158
        birth: 19 APR 1945
      grandparents:
        - name: Beatrice Margaret Metzger
          url: /people/7/79763948
          birth: 05 JUN 1922
        - name: Fletcher Maxwell Wilson
          url: /people/3/32597724
          birth: 03 JUN 1913
---
## 🔵 Keith Allen Wilson
<small>Age: 54y, 11m, 6d</small>

Son of [Duane LaVerne Wilson](/people/6/61086158) and [Martha Arlene Postma](/people/3/39368292)

{{ pedigree | renderPedigree }}

### 📆 Events

{% block "hidden md:block" %}
Type | Date | Age at Event | Place
------ | ------ | ------ | ------
Birth | 02 JUN 1970 |  | Grand Rapids, Kent, Michigan, United States
[Death](#event-event-1) | 08 MAY 2025 | 54y, 11m, 6d | Wyoming, Kent, Michigan, USA
{% endblock %}

{% block "md:hidden" %}
- **Birth**
**Date**: 02 JUN 1970, Age:
**Place**: Grand Rapids, Kent, Michigan, United States
- **[Death](#event-event-1)**
**Date**: 08 MAY 2025, Age: 54y, 11m, 6d
**Place**: Wyoming, Kent, Michigan, USA
{% endblock %}

## 👩‍❤️‍👨 Relationships

### 🟣 [Michelle Rene Rawdon](/people/1/18373170), b. 16 JUL 1971

#### Children With Michelle Rene Rawdon
* 🟣 [Living Person](/people/9/90863432)
* 🔵 [Ryan Allen Wilson](/people/2/24746046), b. 11 MAR 1995
### 📰 Event Sources

#### <a id="event-event-1"></a> Death, 08 MAY 2025
* Legacy.com
>
  > Keith Allan Wilson, age 54, of Grand Rapids, Michigan, passed away on Thursday, May 8, 2025. He was born June 2, 1970, in Grand Rapids, Michigan, to the late Duane and Martha (Postma) Wilson. Keith graduated from Roger’s High School with the class of 1988, and went on to attend Northwestern Ohio University for their automotive program. He worked as an automotive technician at various dealerships and companies throughout his career. Keith was a kind, soft spoken man who would do anything for anyone. Always willing to help or lend a hand. He loved to hang out with friends and watch sports. Keith was a diehard University of Michigan and Detroit Lions fan. Survivors include his daughter, Andrea (Michael) Cooper; grandchildren, Abigail and Finnigan Cooper; sisters, Kim (Chad) Zylstra, Kelly (Larry) Barton, and Karrie (Jeff) Miller; and multiple nieces and nephews. Keith was preceded in death by his parents; his son, Ryan Allan Wilson; and the mother to Keith’s children, Michelle Rawdon. Per his wishes cremation has taken place. A celebration of life will take place on Saturday, June 28, 2025, from 12:00pm (Noon) until 5:00pm at Palmer Park (Shelter C), 1275 52nd Street SW, Wyoming, MI. The family would love to hear stories and memories you have about Keith and look forward to seeing you. The family would like to extend a special thank you to Keith’s sister, Kelly, brother-in-law, Chad, and other family and friends that helped and assisted in so many ways since his cancer diagnosis. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the American Cancer Society in Keith’s memory.
