---
layout: templates/basic.njk
title: Gary Lee Wilson
pedigree:
  self:
    name: Gary Lee Wilson
    url: /people/8/83638300
    birth: 08 JAN 1946
  branches:
    - parent:
        name: 'Ruth '
        url: /people/7/72945090
        birth: '1912'
      grandparents: []
    - parent:
        name: Joseph Earl Wilson
        url: /people/3/35616804
        birth: 03 JUL 1906
      grandparents:
        - name: Orpha Ann Hyde
          url: /people/6/63932813
          birth: 24 OCT 1886
        - name: Joseph Evart Wilson
          url: /people/5/57306025
          birth: May 1871
---
## 🔵 Gary Lee Wilson
<small>Age: 66y, 3m</small>

Son of [Joseph Earl Wilson](/people/3/35616804) and [Ruth ](/people/7/72945090)

{{ pedigree | renderPedigree }}

### 📆 Events

{% block "hidden md:block" %}
Type | Date | Age at Event | Place
------ | ------ | ------ | ------
[Birth](#event-event-0) | 08 JAN 1946 |  | Grand Rapids, Kent, Michigan, United States
[Death](#event-event-1) | 08 APR 2012 | 66y, 3m | Grand Rapids, Kent, Michigan, United States
{% endblock %}

{% block "md:hidden" %}
- **[Birth](#event-event-0)**
**Date**: 08 JAN 1946, Age:
**Place**: Grand Rapids, Kent, Michigan, United States
- **[Death](#event-event-1)**
**Date**: 08 APR 2012, Age: 66y, 3m
**Place**: Grand Rapids, Kent, Michigan, United States
{% endblock %}

## 👩‍❤️‍👨 Relationships

### 🟣 [Living Person](/people/5/5965529)

#### Children With Living Person
* 🟣 [Living Person](/people/1/18405039)
* 🔵 [Living Person](/people/3/35196216)
* 🟣 [Living Person](/people/4/44346188)
* 🔵 [Living Person](/people/4/45662906)
### 📰 Event Sources

#### <a id="event-event-0"></a> Birth, 08 JAN 1946
* U.S. Public Records Index, 1950-1993, Volume 1

#### <a id="event-event-1"></a> Death, 08 APR 2012
* The Grand Rapids Press
>
  > WILSON, GARY After a courageous battle against cancer, Gary Wilson, 66, passed away April 8, 2012, with his family by his side in Grand Rapids, MI. A memorial service will be held Thursday April 12, at 2:00 PM at the Grandville Conference Centre by Branns at 2900 Wilson Ave Granville, MI. He was born January 8, 1946, in Grand Rapid, MI to Joseph and Ruth Wilson. He was the youngest of four children and was preceded in death by sisters Joy Orosz, Dixie Augustine and is survived by sister June Bowman and husband Jack Bowman of Naples, Florida and brother in law Joseph Orosz of Grand Rapids. Mr. Wilson maintained a 45 year career that included sales in transportation and real estate. His career allowed him to foster many lifelong friendships that he valued always. His interests included fishing, attending numerous activities by his grandchildren with a special passion for golf. He was a long time member at his home course of North Kent Golf in Rockford, MI where he maintained many special relationships and where he recorded his only career hole in one. He was married on May 8, 1964 in Grand Rapids, MI to his high school sweetheart Sherry Evans. He is survived by his four children, Joseph Wilson, Kristi Tollas and husband Scott Tollas, Richard Wilson and wife Amy Wilson and Jamie Wilson Dusendang and eleven grandchildren: Ross Wilson, Zachary Wilson, Alexandria Wilson, Gabrielle Tollas, Olivia Wilson, Mackenzie Tollas, Tyler Dusendang, Kobe Wilson, Madison Wilson, Maxymillian Wilson, and Reagan Dykstra Wilson. A special thank you to Johnny and Sandy Brann and June and Jack Bouman for all your love and support during our time of need. To our father, grandfather, brother, uncle, and friend, you will forever be missed and always remembered. As Dad would always say, "It's water under the bridge..."
  >
  > Published in Grand Rapids Press on Apr. 11, 2012
* Kent County, Michigan Death Certificates - 201204100007882
