---
layout: templates/basic.njk
title: Fay Hyde
pedigree:
  self:
    name: Fay Hyde
    url: /people/8/87942653
  branches:
    - parent:
        name: Lois Thatcher
        url: /people/9/92113144
        birth: '1747'
      grandparents:
        - name: John Thatcher
          url: /people/1/12715265
    - parent:
        name: Ebenezer Hyde
        url: /people/1/14535025
        birth: 13 JAN 1742
      grandparents: []
---
## 🔵 Fay Hyde
<small>Age: undefined</small>

Son of [Ebenezer Hyde](/people/1/14535025) and [Lois Thatcher](/people/9/92113144)

{{ pedigree | renderPedigree }}

### 📆 Events

{% block "hidden md:block" %}
Type | Date | Age at Event | Place
------ | ------ | ------ | ------
[Death](#event-event-0) | 1826 | undefined |
{% endblock %}

{% block "md:hidden" %}
- **[Death](#event-event-0)**
**Date**: 1826, Age: undefined
**Place**:
{% endblock %}

## 👩‍❤️‍👨 Relationships

### 🟣 [Lydia Manning](/people/6/60730700), b. 05 NOV 1779

#### Events

{% block "hidden md:block" %}
Type | Date | Age at Event | Place
------ | ------ | ------ | ------
[Marriage](#event-family-0-event-0) | 1797 | undefined |
{% endblock %}

{% block "md:hidden" %}
- **[Marriage](#event-family-0-event-0)**
**Date**: 1797, Age: undefined
**Place**:
{% endblock %}

#### Children With Lydia Manning
* 🔵 [Living Person](/people/9/99047696)
* 🟣 [Living Person](/people/9/90852736)
* 🔵 [Living Person](/people/3/34869238)
* 🟣 [Living Person](/people/5/57327505)
* 🟣 [Living Person](/people/4/42762846)
### 📰 Event Sources

#### <a id="event-family-0-event-0"></a> Marriage, 1797
* The Hyde Ancestors of Lawrence Hyde, 1888-1960 - 25
>
  > Fay Hyde6 (d. 1826) married in 1797, Lydia Manning (b. 5 Nov. 1779, Windham, Conn.; d.
  > 25 June 1849, Poultney, VT) of Poultney, VT. Lydia was daughter of Captain Daniel
  > Manning of Poultney, VT. Fay and Lydia lived in Poultney, VT on a farm owned in 1875 by
  > Friend G. Martin.
  >
  > “The major flood on the Poultney River in 1811 not only destroyed all the mills and bridges but
  > it laid bare the rocks, and developed a water-power, at what is now known as the Ruggles
  > Foundry place. John Stanley, the founder of the Foundry, purchased the property on the river
  > and contracted Fay Hyde to build a dam, and as a compensation, gave him the privilege of
  > building a sawmill on the south side of the same. By 1813, Fay had built his sawmill there.”
  >
  > Fay and Lydia’s children were the following:
  >
  > 1. Chauncey Hyde7 Went to the West, not heard from.
  >  2. Eliza “Betsey” Hyde7 (b. 22 Jul. 1804; d. 6 May 1862) Married in 1820 Clark Lamb
  > (b. 1797; d. 1865) of Wells, VT. Had son William Lamb.
  > 3. Lydia Hyde7 Married and lived in Hebron, N. Y.
  > 4. Julius Hyde7 Married daughter of Eliakim Doolittle of Poultney, Vt. Moved to
  > Michigan.
  > * 5. Myron Hyde7 (b. Mar 1810, Poultney, Vt.; d. 1836 in Bingham Twp., Potter County,
  > Pa.) Married Climena Warner (b. 1807 in Mass.; d. 1836 at Bingham Twp., Potter
  > Co., Pa.) about 1826. Climena had first married Arawna Hyde,
  > 7 son of Samuel
  > Hyde6 on Jan. 19, 1824.
  > 6. Polly Hyde7 Married and lived in Granville, N. Y.
* A History of the Town of Poultney, Vermont - 283

#### <a id="event-event-0"></a> Death, 1826
* The Hyde Ancestors of Lawrence Hyde, 1888-1960 - 21
