---
layout: templates/basic.njk
title: Joseph Geelhoed
---
## 🔵 Joseph Geelhoed

Son of [Cornelius Geelhoed](/people/9/92844960) and [Clara E. Terrell](/people/6/62490094)

### 📆 Events

Type | Date | Place
------ | ------ | ------
Birth | 26 NOV 1912 | Michigan, USA
[Residence](#event-68df01ab-9139-4095-8a07-9df47eba63fd) | 1920 | Paris Township, Kent, Michigan, USA
[Residence](#event-d0371b76-b312-4e4d-8eda-77411d993cb1) | 1930 | Cascade, Kent, Michigan, USA
[Death](#event-4c55e232-9b67-420f-9139-016c8f1ed517) | 23 MAY 1990 | Cascade, Kent, Michigan, USA
Burial | 26 MAY 1990 | Pine Hill Cemetery, Kentwood, Kent, Michigan, USA

### 📰 Event Sources

#### <a id="event-68df01ab-9139-4095-8a07-9df47eba63fd"></a> Residence, 1920
* 1920 US Census

#### <a id="event-d0371b76-b312-4e4d-8eda-77411d993cb1"></a> Residence, 1930
* 1930 US Census

#### <a id="event-4c55e232-9b67-420f-9139-016c8f1ed517"></a> Death, 23 MAY 1990
* U.S., Social Security Death Index, 1935-2014
>   
  > Name: JOSEPH GEELHOED  
  > Born: 26 Nov 1912  
  > Died: 23 May 1990  
  > Last Residence: (not specified)  
  > Last Benefit: (none specified)  
  > SSN: ###-##-####  
  > Issued: Michigan
* The Grand Rapids Press  - 20 Nov 1990
>   
  > GEELHOED - Joseph Geelhoed, aged 77, of Ada, passed away Wednesday, May 23, 1990. He is survived by his wife, Margaret; children, Mrs. Howard (Jean) Acheson of Lowell, Mrs. Edward (Donna) VanderLaan of Kentwood, Don and Barbara Geelhoed of Ada, Mrs. James (Eleanor) Serne of Ada, Mrs. Harold (Loraine) Sloan of Grand Rapids; brothers Cornelius (Phyllis) Geelhoed and Raymond (Lorene) Geelhoed, both of Lowell; sisters, Mrs. Kenneth (Katherine) Fox of Cascade, Mrs. Ella Thompson of Lowell,Mrs. Cor Tefft of Saranac; 11 grandchildren; 10 great-grandchildren. Mr. Geelhoed was retired after 36 years with General Motors. Funderal services will be held Saturday at 11 a.m. at O'Brien-EggebeenGerst Chapel, 3980 Cascade Road and I96. Rev. Clayton Klingenfus of Cascade Christian Church officiated. Interment Pine Hill Cemetery.
* Michigan Deaths, 1971-1996
>   
  > Name:  Joseph Geelhoed  
  > Birth Date: 26 Nov 1912  
  > Death Date: 23 May 1990  
  > Gender: Male  
  > Residence: Cascade, Kent, Michigan  
  > Place of Death: Grand Rapids, Kent, Michigan
