---
layout: templates/basic.njk
title: Mary Ann Geelhoed
---
## 🟣 Mary Ann Geelhoed

Daughter of [Cornelius Geelhoed](/people/9/92844960) and [Clara E. Terrell](/people/6/62490094)

### 📆 Events

Type | Date | Place
------ | ------ | ------
Birth | 08 FEB 1916 |
[Residence](#event-93c1d803-ef7d-41e5-92b6-8d4dda5ce27e) | 1920 | Paris Township, Kent, Michigan, USA
[Residence](#event-a6aea1ee-49f2-4210-9477-1b0cc8eb63b8) | 1930 | Cascade, Kent, Michigan, USA
[Death](#event-274b8799-3e71-4514-b5c1-9aff4044a953) | 25 JUL 1980 | Grand Rapids, Kent, Michigan, United States
Burial | 28 JUL 1980 | Oakwood Cemetery, Lowell, Kent, Michigan, USA

### 📰 Event Sources

#### <a id="event-93c1d803-ef7d-41e5-92b6-8d4dda5ce27e"></a> Residence, 1920
* 1920 US Census

#### <a id="event-a6aea1ee-49f2-4210-9477-1b0cc8eb63b8"></a> Residence, 1930
* 1930 US Census

#### <a id="event-274b8799-3e71-4514-b5c1-9aff4044a953"></a> Death, 25 JUL 1980
* Michigan Deaths, 1971-1996
>   
  > Name:  Mary A Lipps  
  > Birth Date: 8 Feb 1916  
  > Death Date: 25 Jul 1980  
  > Gender: Female  
  > Residence: Lowell, Kent, Michigan  
  > Place of Death: Grand Rapids, Kent, Michigan
* The Grand Rapids Press  - 25 Jul 1980
>   
  > LIPPS -- Mary Ann Lipps, aged 64, of Lowell, passed away Friday morning. She is survived by her children, Mrs. Harold (Shirley) Carigon, RonRaymor and Mrs. Al (Sandy) Roe all of Lowell; her brothers, Joseph Geelhoed of Ada, Cornelius and Raymond Geelhoed of Lowell; her sisters, Mrs. Ida Postma of Grand Rapids, Mrs. Katherine Fox of Ada, Mrs. Ella Thompson and Mrs. Cora Tefft of Lowell; seven grandchildren and one great grandchild. Funeral services will be Monday 1pm at the funeral home, with Re. Gerald R. Bates of the First Methodist Church officiating.Interment Oakwood Cemetery.
* U.S., Social Security Death Index, 1935-2014
>   
  > Name: MARY LIPPS  
  > Birth: 08 Feb 1916  
  > Death: Jul 1980  
  > Last Residence: 49331 (Lowell, Kent, MI)  
  > Last Benefit: 49331 (Lowell, Kent, MI)  
  > SSN: ###-##-####  
  > Issued: Michigan
