---
layout: templates/basic.njk
title: Thomas Andrew Clester
---
## 🔵 Thomas Andrew Clester
<small>Age: 79y, 11m, 26d</small>


### 📆 Events

{% block "hidden md:block" %}
Type | Date | Age at Event | Place
------ | ------ | ------ | ------
Birth | 1828 |  |
[Death](#event-event-3) | 26 NOV 1907 | 79y, 11m, 26d |
[Burial](#event-event-4) | 27 NOV 1907 | 79y, 11m, 27d | Wallace Cemetery, Jewell, Jewell, Kansas, USA
{% endblock %}

{% block "md:hidden" %}
- **Birth**
**Date**: 1828, Age:
**Place**:
- **[Death](#event-event-3)**
**Date**: 26 NOV 1907, Age: 79y, 11m, 26d
**Place**:
- **[Burial](#event-event-4)**
**Date**: 27 NOV 1907, Age: 79y, 11m, 27d
**Place**: Wallace Cemetery, Jewell, Jewell, Kansas, USA
{% endblock %}

## 👩‍❤️‍👨 Relationships

### 🟣 [Elizabeth Miller](/people/2/29274128)

#### Events

{% block "hidden md:block" %}
Type | Date | Age at Event | Place
------ | ------ | ------ | ------
[Marriage](#event-family-0-event-0) | 10 MAR 1848 | 20y, 3m, 10d | Grant, Indiana, USA
{% endblock %}

{% block "md:hidden" %}
- **[Marriage](#event-family-0-event-0)**
**Date**: 10 MAR 1848, Age: 20y, 3m, 10d
**Place**: Grant, Indiana, USA
{% endblock %}

#### Children With Elizabeth Miller
* 🟣 [Rebecca J Clester](/people/8/81769008), b. 29 JAN 1854
### 📰 Event Sources

#### <a id="event-family-0-event-0"></a> Marriage, 10 MAR 1848
* Indiana, Compiled Marriages, 1802-1850
>
  > Name: Thomas Cluster
  > Spouse: Elizabeth Miller
  > Marriage Date: 10 Mar 1848
  > Marriage County: Grant

#### <a id="event-event-3"></a> Death, 26 NOV 1907
* The Western Advocate - 28 Feb 1908, pg 8
>
  > [First pub. in Advocate, Feb. 14, 1908.]
  >
  > Administrator's Notice
  >
  > State of Kansas, Jewell County, In the Probate Court in and for said county.
  >
  > In the matter of the estate of Thomas Clester.
  >
  > Notice is hereby given that Letters of Administration have been granted to the undersigned on the estate of Thomas Clester late of said county, deceased, by the Honorable, the Probate Court of the County and State aforesaid, dated the 7th day of February, A. D. 1908.
  >
  > Now all persons having claims against the said Estate, are hereby notified that they must present the same to the undersigned for allowance, within one year from the date of said letters, or they may be precluded from any benefit of such estate; and that if such claims be not exhibited within three years after the date of said letters they shall be forever barred.
  >
  > G. R. Kramer, Administrator,
  > of the estate of Thomas Clester, deceased.

#### <a id="event-event-4"></a> Burial, 27 NOV 1907
* Jewell County Republican - 29 Nov 1907, pg 8
>
  > Mr. Thomas Clester of Washington Township, was buried in the Wallace cemetery last Wednesday. He was a pioneer settler and always attracted the attention of strangers by his long hair. He was 80 years old.
