---
layout: templates/basic.njk
title: John Edward Mahoney
pedigree:
  self:
    name: John Edward Mahoney
    url: /people/2/20318131
    birth: 11 NOV 1961
  branches:
    - parent:
        name: Eleanore Helen DeLonais
        url: /people/4/45463626
        birth: 10 NOV 1932
      grandparents:
        - name: Elizabeth Nolz
          url: /people/3/37387446
          birth: 12 OCT 1892
        - name: Joseph DeLonais
          url: /people/7/72748828
          birth: 25 OCT 1888
    - parent:
        name: Gerald E Mahoney
        url: /people/1/10062624
        birth: 20 NOV 1930
      grandparents:
        - name: Agnes Greene
          url: /people/1/15565254
          birth: 14 FEB 1900
        - name: Daniel Edward Mahoney
          url: /people/2/24117676
          birth: 19 SEP 1887
---
## 🔵 John Edward Mahoney
<small>Age: 61y, 4m, 9d</small>

Son of [Gerald E Mahoney](/people/1/10062624) and [Eleanore Helen DeLonais](/people/4/45463626)

{{ pedigree | renderPedigree }}

### 📆 Events

{% block "hidden md:block" %}
Type | Date | Age at Event | Place
------ | ------ | ------ | ------
Birth | 11 NOV 1961 |  |
[Death](#event-event-1) | 20 MAR 2023 | 61y, 4m, 9d |
Burial |  |  | Resurrection Cemetery, Wyoming, Kent, Michigan, USA
{% endblock %}

{% block "md:hidden" %}
- **Birth**
**Date**: 11 NOV 1961, Age:
**Place**:
- **[Death](#event-event-1)**
**Date**: 20 MAR 2023, Age: 61y, 4m, 9d
**Place**:
- **Burial**
**Date**:
**Place**: Resurrection Cemetery, Wyoming, Kent, Michigan, USA
{% endblock %}

## 👩‍❤️‍👨 Relationships

### 🟣 [Living Person](/people/9/92555368)

#### Children With Living Person
* 🔵 [Living Person](/people/4/4287670)
### 🟣 [Living Person](/people/2/27906701)

#### Children With Living Person
* 🔵 [Living Person](/people/7/79073611)
### 📰 Event Sources

#### <a id="event-event-1"></a> Death, 20 MAR 2023
* MKD Funeral Home
>
  > John Edward Mahoney
  > November 11, 1961 ~ March 20, 2023
  >
  > John E. Mahoney, age 61, of Wyoming, was called home by his Lord Jesus Christ on Monday, March 20, 2023. He was surrounded by his loving family. John enjoyed traveling, bowling, fishing, and trapping with his son, Eric. He also enjoyed watching both college and professional sports on television. He had a kind, giving heart and could not turn away anyone in need. He leaves behind, with broken hearts, his son, Eric and daughter-in-law, Elmira Mahoney; 3 grandchildren, Grayson, Olivia and Azlynn Mahoney; his sisters, Ann (Ben) Knapp and Mary (Chuck) Russcher; brother, David (Debbie) Mahoney; and several nieces and nephews. He was preceded in death by his parents, Gerald and Eleanore Mahoney. The family would like to give a special thanks to the wonderful staff at Faith Hospice for their compassion and excellent care. A Mass of Christian Burial will be held 11:00 a.m. on Monday at St. John Vianney Church, 4101 Clyde Park SW, Wyoming with Rev. John Vallier presiding. Burial will be held at Resurrection Cemetery. Relatives and friends may meet the family from 10-11 a.m. at the church prior to the service. Memorial contributions may be made to Faith Hospice or the American Cancer Society.
